add Google Click Fraud and then create a section deparate just for Google Ads (google ads can only be accessed for Master class subscribers) : remember that google does not automatically block ips that click on your ads. They claim a person can return to your ads more than once can actually be a real customer and they dont consider thos as invalid click even though they claim they do block "competitors" that is all a scam. Google also has the capabilities to track VPNs and proxies, but it doesnt, it makes about 1/2 of its moeny on comeptitors? why would it block its main stream of income. We tracked googles activity and this is what we found. I attached a bullshit analysis that google released where it tries to justify the behaviors of bots and how it cant be tracked even though we know exactly where the bot are coming from. Just so you know google can track bots, it can track vpns/proxies down to where and when the traffic is coming from, if google wanted to, they can nip this is the bud pretty quickly, but they dont want to. They allow competitors to visit your site daily and as long as the clicks are as little as a few minutes apart it does NOT claim them as fraudalent or in their terms "invalid" this is a scam and defieitly is not fair to the users. What we also found when we tracked google ads. We use one of the most advanced trackers on the planet for IP tracking. The tracker shows where the traffic is coming from "yelp, google direct, website, or google ads, etc" this tracker will show exactly how many visits for IPs it will show that the same IP that visited since it tracks devices used a proxy/VPN and came back a few more times. We also used tracking software that records all vistors and noticed that a majority of these visits are not actually real people but bots. The behavior is very spammy and the bounce rate is either instant or they make the mouse movement just enough so it looks like real user behavior. We found that 80% of recorded behavior that was derived from the recordings were bot visitors and not real ones. We also could not get the analytics to align with googles ad clicks as they showed often 1/3 to 50% more clicks than our IP tracker that tracked every ad click. They claimed that some traffic was being sent to ad extensions despite zero ad extensions being visible on the actual ad and all lcoation extensions being disabled. This could only mean 2 things, that google was lying about the amount of clicks and it was at their discretion since they do not share the IPs that click on your ads and i see that is for good reason to cover up lies. They used to share IPs that clicked and i think they realized this would expose them so in the name of privacy (and hoenstly so they could get away with allowing competitors to deplete budgets and rake in the dough) google removed the IP tracking feature. Now you buy your own and track the IPs and google will argue that the tool you are using is NOT reliable? SO why remove trackers to begin with? Also google limits the amount of IPs you can block on your campaign with a max of 500 ips? Why is this? Is it because they dont want to track the data? No. its beause they dont want you tracking the data! You should be able to block infinite IPs but for some reason you cannot! WHy is this? keep in mind it would not make a difference to google whether it was 5k or 500! this feature does not take up any data. COuld this be a little something more sinister that google has their own bot farms and uses these to click on ads to try and make it look organic? Or is google all innocent in all this and they simply dont have the capabilties to track all this. Block and filter what is harmful to the user? Have you ever tried to dispute a click? Well we have and it nearly impossible to prove foul play even if you have all the receipts. This shoudl be illegal! But because google is a monopoly for the advertising space, they control outputs. They control the switch, So can you blame a competitor? not directly. Because google has created a playing field for foul play! They are the referes and they are not on the side of the advertisors but the side of money! This should be illegal but its not, who will challenge google? Will you? Will someone spend $1-2 million in litigation? Of course not, 95% of companies can barely afford to pay for these ads, lets alone challenge the biggest company on the planet! They create a perception of control such as having an ability to filter out audience with "people in or regularly in the area" which is not a recommende setting. But even if you click that feature, it will still show ads to people in different cities and states and google will claim well we track their data and they are often in your area! And how do you disprove that? you cant! how many of the clickers of ads telemarketers? about 1/3 so if it isnt a telemarketer or a competitor? That means only about 10-25% at most will be real customers? If you are lucky because staticically you will run out of ad money because of budgets before that ever happens, and thats what they bank on, they want that budget to go from $200 a day to $1000 a day! And if you increase to $1000 a day you will only get 10-20% of that if you are lucky on real customers! SO its a catch 22~(i added the fake claims made by google) create a very good page for all this and expand severely! We have to destory google for this tactic!!!