s to the guide. We will show people how to setup their campaigns. Google ad features to avoid at all costs! This is where you will spend a fortune! Auto apply is the bigegst scam in the campaign and they use even ai to "optimize" your ad. Always setup advanced google campaigns and not Basic campaigns (where keywords and audience cannot be controlled)This is a way for them to control your ad. Never ever ever use the ai features thley offer! They can manually change your budget, enable other audiences, etc that you did not approve! Dont allow AI to make decisions for you! You want to make all decisions manually. I would also advise to avoid using extensions. Assets such as callout assets are okay since they make your ad larger but have no clickable links - utilize these the most! Also make sure you add photo assets and logo assets. Location assets i would avoid since they can add your ad to GMB and you will have comeptitors clicking on these with zero ways to track! This is not ideal! Callout features are things like award winning, 5-star reviews, etc. Google ai will try to ad sitelinks with google articficial intelligence tools, bascially anything that will cost you more money! delete these! The things you can use are headlines, descriptions, callouts, structured snippets, logos, business name, image, business logo, and call. Things to avoid are: Locations, price, app, promotion, sitelinks, message and forms, etc. As these last ones are ways you can never track traffic. This is important to understand for users that everything has to be able to get tracked in order to keep google hoenst. Comeptitors will fill out fake forms and send messages or even bots can do this! and you pay higher rates for these conversions. You have to make sure you are very careful about this, its easy to spend $1000 a day if you are not careful and this can wreck you financially. Avoid using any and i mean any AI for google ads. They have Ai Max a new tool that does "serach tool matching" this is a huge scam! and i can assure you that you will always overspend. you want to get leads so when setting up a campaign do leads as seen in photo. The biggest scam on google ads that you have to exclude is the google search partners MAKE SURE THIS IS UNCHECKED! this ill destory your budget. This is a very very expensive mistake. Google search partners means that google can literally share your ads anywhere they want it can be on emails, youtube or any other affilate companies that allow google to advertise which is almost everyone. These will never lead to sales and not even considered leads! And way easier to get bot attacked and spammed with these on where you pay 90% of your money to just this feature. Watch your bduget do not put more than $100-250 for your campaign for the first few weeks as the google ad is learning. Impression share is the best if you want to be on the very top all the time, the challenge with this is you will pay a premium between $10-100 a click for these so the budget can run out fast. The bidding strategy is very tricky ( agent insert some bid facts and strategy here)> and despite google offering a feature "only bid for new customers" it actually does not give you the proper optimziation to make this work properly. I added a photo of Ai max, make sure this is disabled! ALWAYS. Targeted locations for your ads are very important to understand. The Presence: People in or regularly in your included locations needs to be selected not the google recommended one. Even Presence: People in or regularly in your included locations often times does not exclude all the people that needs to be excluded and often times spammers and scammers can do this. The reason this is important is because a VPN is typically in seattle or NEW Your City in Austin texas whcih are large cities and if you make sure Presence: People in or regularly in your included locations is checked it will also exclude the VPN users who are almsot always, scammers, coemptitors and telemarketers and even bots use VPNs/proxies, so this is one of the best ways to exclude the people that can harm your campaign, remember its better to filter out a few potential customers then to deplete your bduget daily and get in front of almost zero customers with your ad! The logic is that! Be conservative with the cities you choose. If you want a larger area choose counties instead of cities, but if you want to target the most rich areas for larger ROI this is also strategic! To filter out all the mobile parks and ghetto areas in the city, depending on how much you want to dial this in. Automatically created assets is a dangerous tool, stay away! keep this off. Always stay away from board match keywords use specific using "words" or [words] to target exact keywords and avoid your add popping up on every qeuery where there are no buying customers. Remeber in a niche market, not everyone is a customer. We recommend even using long tailed keywords such as "Roofing company Seattle WA" and a huge variation of these that Ai can generate for you. Avoid using the work Roofer or roofing with no " " around it or the brackets. This is a waste of money. Negative keywords are just asa important as keywords. You must eliminate the tire kickers and the contractors and the DIY'ers of the world. Use words like (ideas, design, cheap, low price, colors, etc) to avoid paying for people to surf your site for colors or ideas or finding the cheapest price especially if you know you are not the cheapest (expand on the importance of negative keywords). Be dialled in, its better to pay $50 for a solid lead than $150 for 3 irrelvant leads that need work not in your service scope. Ad rotations are very important to see what ads do well, use different hooks and words and things that will get the clients attention. 10% off your install. over 500 good reviews, etc. IP exclusions is one of the most important sections and why you need to setup a google exclusion tool using our google click guard we offer (provide a link directly there). You have to block IPs remember a customer has no business coming back to your site more than once, very few people are return customers even though google claims this as fact! Also if they tire kick for a few weeks you dont want this customer either way! These are not a serious customer and they will beat you down. Also a typical rule of thumb is stay away from cheapskates because they are going to be the pickiest and often will always be the first to leave a bad review or levrage that over your head for a discount! They will want free work or discounts. This is why repair work is not idea because it invites people that dont like to pay money for premium services. You want the top tier customers not the repair junkies. Remember they often will not do a full replacement because they are too broke or cheap. So they will want work for free, always. Avoid at all costs. A customer isnt always a customer - meaning dont chase customers you will always regret chasing them. If karma cleans them out, then be happy, but always be strategic about the way you advertise! This is critical! Keep an eye on your campaigns. Setup alerts and download the app. If you see something suspeciicous consult our agent (agent please add a ai bot that uses all the data on this site as a rag to educate the client and make this available to the client if they sign up for the master class on google ads). This Google ads guide should only be available to platimum and Master class participants!